THE BEST IS  STILL UNWRITTEN
Artificial flower arrangements for home decor.
Trying to embrace the new era with open arms, following your heart and designing the life and home you have always wanted. I strongly believe, there is no such a things too many flowers if properly coordinated.

Flowers make a home look and feel super realistic, the awesome vases used in flower arrangement create a cheerful vibe in a space. In times when we all  need something to lift our spirits and boost of energy and positive vibe. Flowers have always been a great choice to change the the mood. And add color to your living space, or even office.

Agree with me, that nothing beats natural flowers, but the fact that they cant last longer  makes me sad. Yes, I understand that artificial flower arrangements are not everyone's choice but we have to admit that there are many reasons to choose them over natural flowers.  They can be the best choice for busy people or even Lazy ones. 
 In this article, I list some artificial flowers you can look out for, and add color to your space.

1.PEONY FLOWERS
The peony flowers are very luxurious and well sophisticated yet give a gentle and romantic feel. Usually a great choice for a bright and airy spaces.

2.Rose flowers
Artificial flower arrangements with roses are always the best . Roses come in a variety of colors from white, yellow, pink ,purple,orange and of course red. For people looking for a lightweight romantic atmosphere for their spaces, Roses are a perfect choice.

3.Tulip flowers.
Tulip flowers are one of my favorite flowers, they are usually showy and brightly colored. Usually red, pink, yellow or white, they bring some kind of joy that associates with the joy of waking up to something beautiful. Usually a great option for center tables or any place where people gather for leisure. They usually go well with minimalist spaces.

4.purple orchids flowers
These are commonly known as vanda orchids and they come in wide hues of purple .Purple orchids symbolize dignity, respect and admiration. They are very catchy and their uniform  natural beauty is incomparable. They can be a great piece for the centre table as well as your favorite bedroom spot.

The artificial versions of all those flowers provide the same beauty at a low maintenance cost.
Incorporate your favorite  flowers into your space to dictate the mood.

Feel free to add to the list since sharing is caring, 
Till next time, byee!
